Editorial instructions and revisions
====================================

1.  Please indicate your agreement to the Creative Commons Copyright Licence
(CC-BY) statement by replying Yes to this email (if anyone in your group
cannot sign to the CCAL 4.0 because they cannot claim copyright, please let me
know who and why so we can get you the right CC license).

2. If you feel you can answer this now, please do. Otherwise I will check with
you again if the manuscript is accepted:

We are encouraging all authors to publish their peer review history alongside
their article. This provision has been extremely well received so far. See:
http://blog.peerj.com/post/43139131280/the-reception-to-peerjs-open-peer-
review ; http://www.scilogs.com/next_regeneration/new-directions-in-
scientific-peer-review/  and http://svpow.com/2013/02/14/open-peer-review-at-
peerj/.

An example of this happening in practice is at: https://peerj.com/reviews/8/

Even if you feel the review history doesn't add anything to the manuscript,
please be assured that readers find this information useful, it has been cited
as a helpful learning tool regardless of how the process went.

Please can you confirm whether or not you would like to take advantage of this
facility? Please reply Yes (to reproduce) or No (to not reproduce).

This will consist of: 

- All the reviewers’ comments from each iteration, including the reviewers's
  names where they have agreed to reveal their names
- All previous versions of the manuscripts
- All the responses to reviewers

3. Please provide the source file for the manuscript here
<https://peerj.com/manuscripts/2804/files/>. We need a text document for your
manuscript, ie: ODT, DOC, DOCX. If your preference is to provide a LaTeX file,
that would be acceptable as well - we'd just need your tex and bib files
uploaded using the Primary Files, LaTeX Source File category, and please
continue to provide the Tables and Figures separately so that we have a
reference for comparison.

4. Please upload your figures in either EPS (best suited to vector images, and
not photographs) or PNG file format (best suited to bitmap or raster images).
Bitmap figures should be at least 900 by 900 pixels. Each figure with multiple
parts should label each part alphabetically and all parts should be submitted
together in one file. The complete figure titles and legends should be
inserted in the text fields using the Edit Details button to the right of the
file name here <https://peerj.com/manuscripts/2804/files/>. Please use numbers
to name your files, example: Fig1.eps, Fig2.png.

5. Please upload the tables in separate Word documents including the titles
and any necessary legends in the text fields using the Edit Details button to
the right of the file name here <https://peerj.com/manuscripts/2804/files/>.
Tables should not be an image pasted into the Word document. The file should
be named using the table number: Table1.doc, Table2.doc.

6. Please remove the Keywords from your manuscript and make sure they are
included in the metadata here instead
<https://peerj.com/manuscripts/2804/keywords/>.

7. Please remove the Funding paragraph from your manuscript and make sure it
is included in the metadata here instead
<https://peerj.com/manuscripts/2804/declarations/#reqStatement>.

8. Please remove the Mice paragraph from your manuscript and make sure it is
included in the metadata here instead
<https://peerj.com/manuscripts/2804/declarations/#studyDesign>.

9. We notice that the author affiliations you have provided in the system are
slightly different to those in the document. As our system will treat these
affiliations as metadata, please ensure that both the 'system version' and the
'document version' are complete and similar. Please edit the author
affiliations by clicking “Edit details” or "Details Needed" here
<https://peerj.com/manuscripts/2804/authors/>, and edit your manuscript source
file and upload it here <https://peerj.com/manuscripts/2804/files/>.
